this file contains some stuff that was on ojs-dev, in the editorial
dashboard under

Settings -> workflow -> submission

AUTHOR GUIDELINES    

Good submissions to Tragula showcase novel software that demonstrates
or otherwise enhances mathematical knowledge; “mathematics” is
interpreted in the broadest sense. The emphasis is on quality
open-source software, written in R.

Submissions are expected to include a software component (typically in
the form of an R package), and this will be reviewed alongside the
manuscript and considered jointly. Packages are expected to pass R CMD
check cleanly and to follow the tenets laid out in the most recent
version of Writing R extensions.


Tragula is an inclusive publication and welcomes submissions that add
value to the R community through mathematics, or conversely add value
to the mathematical community through use of R (or preferably
both).  Submissions may link with any branch of mathematics,or indeed
the wider scholarly community, and uses of R in areas such as
linguistics, art, or aesthetics are welcome. Criteria for acceptance
are wide and would include beauty, elegance, computational slickness,
sheer awesomeness, curiosity, pedagogical value, etc, etc.

File  guidelines.zip contains some further editorial policy, and
instructions for authors, editors, and referees.


BEFORE YOU BEGIN	     


Thank you for submitting to the Tragula. You will be asked to upload
files, identify co-authors, and provide information such as the title
and abstract.


Please read our Submission Guidelines if you have not done so
already. When filling out the forms, provide as many details as
possible in order to help our editors evaluate your work.

Once you begin, you can save your submission and come back to it
later. You will be able to review and correct any information before
you submit.


SUBMISSION CHECKLIST

All submissions must meet the following requirements.


* The submission has not been previously published, nor is it before another journal for consideration (or an explanation has been provided in Comments to the Editor).

* Where available, URLs for the references have been provided.

* The text adheres to the stylistic and bibliographic requirements outlined in the Author Guidelines, obtainable from guidelines.zip

* The text is single-spaced; uses a 12-point font; employs italics,
  rather than underlining (except with URL addresses); and all
  illustrations, figures, and tables are placed within the text at the
  appropriate points, rather than at the end.

* Include in the submission: the manuscript itself in PDF form; the
  tex source code and all needed files [images needed for figures; bbl
  file for bibtex, any other files needed by LaTeX; R package in
  .tar.gz form as per CRAN.

* Ensure that the tex file can be processed by pdfLaTeX. In
  particular, ensure that all needed files [images for figures etc]
  are part of the submission. You do not need to include any file that
  is part of guidelines.zip


FOR THE EDITORS


Please provide the following details in order to help our editorial team manage your submission.

When entering metadata, provide entries that you think would be most
helpful to the person managing your submission. This information can
be changed before publication.


REVIEW AND SUBMIT



Review the information you have entered before you complete your
submission. You can change any of the details displayed here by
clicking the edit button at the top of each section.

Once you complete your submission, a member of our editorial team will
be assigned to review it. Please ensure the details you have entered
here are as accurate as possible.



FOR REVIEWER SUGGESTION


When submitting, you have the option to suggest several potential
reviewers. This can help streamline the review process and provide
valueable input for the editorial team. Please choose reviewers who
are expert in your field and have no conflict of interest with your
work. This feature aims to enhance the review process and support a
more efficient experience for both authors and editorial team.
